## 19:33 ~ 20:33 스프린트1
> 목표
- map 완료하기
- tree 조사.
- allocator에 대해 알아보기.
- Observer in C++ map?
> 결과
- map 분석완료.


## Observer in C++

In the context of the C++ Standard Template Library (STL), "observers" refers to a set of function and function object types that are used to inspect the elements of a container or view the state of an algorithm.

Observers are typically used to provide information about the elements of a container, such as their values or their positions in the container, or to query the state of an algorithm, such as whether it has completed its execution or encountered an error.

Here are some examples of observers in the STL:

std::back_inserter is a function object that is used to insert elements at the back of a container.
std::front_inserter is a function object that is used to insert elements at the front of a container.
std::inserter is a function object that is used to insert elements at a specified position in a container.
std::iterator_traits is a class template that is used to extract the iterator traits of an iterator.
std::advance is a function that is used to increment an iterator by a specified distance.
Observers are an important part of the STL and are used in many algorithms and container operations to provide information about the elements being processed or to control the execution of the algorithm.

## 20:35 ~ 21:35 스프린트2
> 목표
- [o]tree에 필요한 함수 리스트를 적자.
- [o]friend 용도
- [?]왜 void_pointer가 필요한지?
> 결과
- 왜 다른 노드포인터를 void_pointer로 저장하는지 이해가 되지 않는다.

### tree에 필요한 함수 리스트

생성자(comp, bool)
생성자(first, last, comp, bool)
복사생성자(자기자신, bool)
대입연산자

begin end rbegin, rend

empty size max_size

insert(value)
insert(position,value)
insert(f,l)

erase(pos)
erase(key)
erase(f,l)

swap(자기자신& m)
clear

key_comp()

find(k)
count(k)
lower_bound(k)
upper_bound(k)
equal_range(k)

### why void_pointer is needed in tree node?